you need to take a meat hook and put it
in through the this thick neck part of
the duck and the mixture should be quite
hot so that the glaze can adhere to the
skin and base the duck several times
with this mixture like this it's like
giving it a little bath now continue to
base the duck like this until you've
used up all the liquid and be sure that
the liquid is quite hot so it can adhere
to the skin of the duck giving it a nice
glaze now the next step is to take the
duck and hang it in a cool dry every
place make sure it's well ventilated
because now the duck needs to dry this
should take about five hours or
preferably overnight and here I have a
duck that's been drying for at least
five hours and if you could touch the
skin it would feel very dry almost like
a piece of parchment paper
the next step is to put it on a rack so
that when it rose it does not sit in its
own fat making it greasy and then I'm
putting it in a roasting tin and to that
I'm adding five fluid ounces of water so
that when the duck grows and the fat
melts it does not splatter on the duck
at all keeping it very dry and crispy
now I'm going to put my duck in a gas
mark 9 oven 475 Fahrenheit 240
centigrade and roasted for about 15
minutes until it's nice and brown and
then I'm going to turn it down to gas
mark 4 which is 350 Fahrenheit 180
centigrade and continue cooking it for
another hour and 10 minutes